in order for you to really tell the difference between somebody who could
possibly be a suicide risk and somebody was just having a bad day
is you have to actually know your people. No, prior to that occasion
happening, So you really got to know is you know Seaman Smith, for
example, is this just a bad day for them Or they really out of character?
And you're noticing a habitual pattern that they're coming into
work every day, Not really themselves. When normally that individual
is a very bubbly person or energetic or enthusiastic, and over
the last few days they just haven't been, and they're starting to kind
of give you these indicators where they're talking about, you know,
things don't matter to them anymore. They're giving away things that
you normally wouldn't think they would give away, or they're having
issues at home, and that's affecting their their life at work. So
you have to really kind of understand your people to first figure
out if, in fact, that's just an individual having a bad day or if they're
starting to show some sort of, you know, suicidal tendencies there,
and if you're concerned as you should be is the leader. You should
talk to him about it regardless, even if the pretty if it's just
having a bad day, you should still talk to them to find out why they're
having a bad day. And if you're also noticing some of these flags
that to you seem, you know, going down the wrong path, then you
need to definitely pull that person aside and talk to them. Let him
know that you care and listen. That's the biggest thing is. Ask him
a few questions and then just let them talk. Let them vent. Let them
get that grief off and listen to what they have to say and then from
there, make the decision. If you need to get, get more support for
them or if it's just, you know, a bad day and it's something that's
gonna be ah, rectified tomorrow